Prepare v5.0.0 (#2757)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

X.Y.Z Release notes (YYYY-MM-DD)
=============================================================

> NOTE: This version has been pre-released as v3.7.0-alpha.0 and v3.7.0-alpha.2. We have bumped major version due to removing functionality. Unfortunately, we also have an series of pre-releases of v4.0.0 which are incompatible with this version as the Realm file format is changed. We have decided to skip version v4.0.0, and the next major version (expected to be v6.0.0) will change file format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This version has been pre-released as v3.7.0-alpha.0 and v3.7.0-alpha.2. We have bumped the major version due to removed functionality in this release. We are releasing this as 5.0.0 instead of 4.0.0 as we also have an series of pre-releases of v4.0.0 which are incompatible with this version as the Realm file format is upgraded. We have therefore decided to skip version v4.0.0, make this version 5.0.0 and we will then release the 4.0.0 version as the next major version - v6.0.0.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if above is better?

> NOTE: This version has been pre-released as v3.7.0-alpha.0 and v3.7.0-alpha.2. We have bumped the major version due to removed functionality in this release. We are releasing this as 5.0.0 instead of 4.0.0 as we also have an series of pre-releases of v4.0.0 which are incompatible with this version as the Realm file format is upgraded. We have therefore decided to skip version v4.0.0, make this version 5.0.0 and we will then release the 4.0.0 version as the next major version - v6.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This version has been pre-released as v3.7.0-alpha.0 and v3.7.0-alpha.2. We have bumped the major version due to removed functionality in this release. We are releasing this as 5.0.0 instead of 4.0.0 as we also have a series of pre-releases of v4.0.0 which are incompatible with this version as the Realm file format is upgraded. We have therefore decided to skip version v4.0.0, make this version 5.0.0 and we will then release the 4.0.0 version as the next major version - v6.0.0.
```

### Enhancements
* Added support for all Node.js versions from and above version 10. ([#2516](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2516))
* Helper methods `obj.keys()`, `obj.entries()` are now available to return the properties of that Realm Object, including the Realm properties defined by the schema.
* An instance method `toJSON()` is implemented on every Realm Object class to support `JSON.stringify()` to work as expected on every instance.

### Breaking changes
* Node.js 8 is not supported anymore.
* Realm objects properties are now defined as accessors on the instance prototype. Previously they were defined as values on the instance.

> * Due to accessor properties change above calling `Object.keys()`, `Object.entries()`, and `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptors()` on a Realm.Object instances (objects from a Realm) will not return the Realm schema properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Due to the accessor properties change above, calling `Object.keys()`, `Object.entries()`, and `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptors()` on Realm.Object instances (objects from a Realm) will no longer return the Realm schema properties.
```

### Fixed

> * ECMAScript 2015 Class syntax is fully supported by moving all properties to be accessors on the instance prototype allowing Realm JavaScript to invoke class constructors as constructors (using `new` instead of previously calling them as functions with 'call'). ([#998](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/998))

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be under enhancements? 
Instead of describing "how" ("by moving all properties to be accessors on the instance prototype"), I would make it more clear what you can now do that you couldn't do before.
